ROM ADDRESS TEST
================
 
This test is used to check the basic
functionality of the FinalGROM 99.
 
The test will read and check most ROM
addresses, in all banks, and report
any bad reads.
 
If there are no errors in a given
bank, the program displays its bank
number followed by "OK".
 
In case of a read error, only the bank
number is displayed, and an additional
message at the bottom of the screen,
including read word and expected word,
is shown.  The message remains on the
screen until another error ovewrites
it.
 
The entire ROM contains unique, known
words against the test program can
compare.  Some addresses are used by
the test program itself, so bad reads
may also crash the TI 99.
 
This test runs in a loop.  You may run
it unsupervised for prolonged periods
to see if the FinalGROM 99 runs
stably.  Upon return, the bottom of
the screen will tell you if there were
any errors.
 
(In case of crashes, note that it may
have been the TI 99 that has failed.)
