GROM ADDRESS TEST
=================
 
This test is used to check the basic
functionality of the FinalGROM 99.
 
The test will read and check most GROM
addresses, in each GROMs, and report
any bad reads.
 
If there are no errors in a given
GROM, the program displays "OK" after
the GROM number.
 
In case of a read error, "BAD" is
shown after the GROM number, and an
additional message at the bottom of
the screen is shown.  The message
remains on the screen until the
program is terminated.
 
The entire GROM contains unique, known
words against the test program can
compare.  Some addresses are used by
the test program itself, so bad reads
may also crash the TI 99.
 
This test runs in a loop.  You may run
it unsupervised for prolonged periods
to see if the FinalGROM 99 runs
stably.  Upon return, the bottom of
the screen will tell you if there were
any errors.
 
(In case of crashes, note that it may
have been the TI 99 that has failed.)
