RAM WRITE TEST
==============
 
This test is used to check the basic
functionality of the FinalGROM 99.
 
This test will write and check each
byte in every RAM bank and report any
bad writes.
 
If a given ROM bank can write to all
RAM banks successfully, the program
displays the ROM bank number followed
by "OK".
 
In case of a write or read error, only
the bank number is displayed. An
additional message at the bottom of
the screen shows the read word and the
expected word.  This message remains
on the screen until another error
overwrites it.
 
Each ROM bank switches through all RAM
banks to increment their contents and
to check if the increment can be read
back.
 
This test runs in a loop.  You may run
it unsupervised for prolonged periods
to see if the FinalGROM 99 runs
stably.  Upon return, the bottom of
the screen will tell you if there were
any errors.
